Update QML documentation in preparation for V2 pipeline rollout (#1470)
PennyLaneAI/qml: documentation/qml-cli.md

*   **Thumbnail**: (Optional) The path to a thumbnail image. This file must be located in `/_static/demo_thumbnails/regular_demo_thumbnails/`. You may leave this field blank and add the image later.
*   **Large Thumbnail**: (Optional) The path to a larger thumbnail image, also to be placed in `/_static/demo_thumbnails/large_demo_thumbnails/`. This can be left blank and added later.

Once all required inputs are provided, a new subdirectory will be created under `demonstrations-v2`, named according to the specified demo name. This new directory will include the following essential files:

*   `demo.py`: The main Python script containing the demonstration's code.
*   `metadata.json`: A JSON file storing descriptive metadata about the demonstration.
*   `requirements.in`: A file listing Python dependencies specifically required by this demonstration.

---

### `sync-v2`

> Synchronizes the demonstration project with the latest version specifications and dependencies, ensuring compatibility and up-to-date requirements.

Reviewer: Should we clarify that this is a command to sync the old demonstrations to the new V2?

Is this needed once there are no more V1 demos?

Author: removed, and command is removed

```bash
qml sync-v2
```

---

### `build`

Compiles one or more demonstrations, preparing them for local execution or packaging.

```bash
# Provide demo names or directories separated by spaces.
# If no demo names are provided, all demonstrations within `demonstrations-v2` will be built.

# Example: Building all demonstrations
qml build

# Example: Building a specific demonstration
qml build my_demo

# Example: Building multiple demonstrations
qml build demo_one demo_two
```

#### Build Flags:

##### `--execute`

Executes the specified demos using Sphinx Gallery. This flag is effective only for demos whose directory names are prefixed with `tutorial__`, marking them as executable tutorials.

```bash
qml build --execute
```

##### `--format <html|json>`

Specifies the desired output format for the built demonstration. Options include `html` for web output or `json` for structured data.

```bash
# Output as HTML
qml build --format html demo_name

# Output as JSON
qml build --format json demo_name
```

> 

Author: defaults to json

Example:

```bash
# Open the built demonstration in your default web browser (replace `my_demo` with your demo name)
open _build/html/demos/my_demo/my_demo.html
```

### Viewing Built Demonstrations (JSON Output)

If you have built the JSON output, you can inspect the demonstration's structured data using a JSON viewer or editor. The JSON files will be found in the `_build/json/demos/<demo_name>/` directory after the build is complete. Similar to HTML, any source changes necessitate a rebuild.

Example:

```bash
# Open the directory containing all JSON files for the demonstration.
open _build/json/demos/my_demo/
```

---

## Support

*   **Source Code:** https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/QML
*   **Issue Tracker:** https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/QML/issues

For any issues or questions, please utilize our GitHub issue tracker.

---

## License

The materials and demonstrations provided in this repository are **free** and **open source**, distributed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

> The file `custom_directives.py` is available under the BSD 3-Clause License, with Copyright (c) 2017, Pytorch contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, the file `custom_directives.py` is available under the BSD 3-Clause License, with copyright © 2017, PyTorch contributors.
```

# QML CLI Tool

## Overview

The **QML CLI tool** streamlines the creation, testing, and building of PennyLane demonstrations. It provides an intuitive command-line interface to simplify the authoring process and maintain consistency across demonstration projects.

## Table of Contents

*   [Overview](#overview)
*   [Installation](#installation)
*   [Commands](#commands)
    *   [`help`](#help)
    *   [`new`](#new)
    *   [`build`](#build)
        *   [Build Flags](#build-flags)
*   [Viewing Build Outputs](#viewing-build-outputs)
*   [Support](#support)
*   [License](#license)

## Installation

> To install the QML CLI, you will need Python version `3.10`. We highly recommend using a virtual environment to install the CLI tool to manage dependencies effectively.

Author: ```suggestion
To install the QML CLI, you will need Python version 3.11 or greater. We highly recommend using a virtual environment to install the CLI tool to manage dependencies effectively.
```
